This is one of multiple videos discussing group writing information protocol.
We've been told that in this typology of one is not able to ping the loop back of a Rato for so let's
verify that on Route 1 paying for a photo for that for we can see in the output that the pings are not
successful trace to 4.4 that for trace route doesn't seem to be going anywhere.
Let's do a de-bug IP packet to confirm what's going on.
Be careful in the real world with the de-bug IP packet and you don't want to run that on a live network
without using an Access list to limit the output.
You'll get a huge amount of information otherwise some of a ton of debugging and notice we see unreadable.
The packet is not readable.
We are in the output seeing that the local router is sending updates on 2 to 4 0 0.
Knowing that is the multicast address for rep so show IP protocols shows us that Ruppert is running
on the local router is advertising various networks and we are receiving information from a router with
IP address 10 1 1 2 which is routed to show IP route shows the wrong table.
We all learning some routes so as an example we should be able to ping the loopback of router to which
we can because of the data entry but we don't see Network 10 1 2 3 0 in the local writing table.
We don't see networks 3 and we don't see network 4.
So it looks like there's a problem on Rodda too not to show IP ROFFT.
We are learning about network 1 which is the loopback part of one but we are not seeing any other rats
in the writing table.
Show IP database shows us the database.
We see the local interfaces and we see interfaces connected to one but we don't see rodded three or
four debug IP rep.
Let's see if the D-Backs show us anything OK we already see a problem.
When I stop the debug notice this ignored version 1 packet from 10 1 or 2 to 2.
The legal version.
So let's see what's going on show IP protocols on route to Ruppel enabled the default send and receive
version is Version 2.
Version 2 is being sent and received on both physical interfaces as well as the loopback but we are
receiving a version one packet from 10 to 1 to 2 to 2 which is Raanta 3 son rotas 3 show IP protocols
is running on rodders 3.
Can you see the problem.
Default St version is version to receive version is version 2 but on gigabit 0 0 the second version
is version 1 receive version is version 2.
So show IP razzia shows that this router is learning about the loopback of Rotto one such receiving
routes from router 3 but its not sending routes to route 3.
That's because it's accepting version 2 updates which is what router 2 is sending but Rotto 3 is sending
version 1 updates and Keiga it to 0 0.
So show run interface gigabit 0 0.
Notice this command IP St.
Version 1.
So on that interface I'll use the no IP rumpus and version 1 to show run interface geek give it 0 0.
C'mon has been removed.
Show IP ROFFT on brought to.
We haven't learnt any Roths yet debug IP rep is a slow protocol but notice we are already receiving
updates about network fall back on router 3 show IP raht shows us that the rats on the running table
are brought it to show IP Brott.
We've now learnt about network for paying for that looks better.
What about I'm not a one paying quadruple for Pingu works.
So we've resolved the issue with the OP in this network.
Be careful with your versions.
Let's just turn off that debug show.
IP protocols
shows you the version sent and received on individual interfaces show IP protocols.
Make sure that your versions are set correctly so that both sides are using the same version for sending
and receiving.
I hope you enjoyed this video.
If it was of benefit to you please like it please subscribe to my YouTube channel.
I wish you all the very best.